README.md, before:

# Computer Literacy through Free Software

This is an attempt to write a book targeted at school students from grade Six to Nine for learning computer through Free Software. This book will be written collaboratively by more than one author, similar to how a Free Software is developed.

When we looked at the status quo of computer education at schools in India, the introduction of computer science is taught to students using non-free (or) proprietary software like Microsoft Windows and the tools associated with it.

Since this is a book aimed at computer literacy, we will cover both Hardware and Software.

Why we shouldn't use non-free software or why we should use Free software is out of scope of this book. If you are still interested to know about Free Software and the principle behind it, you can [read here](https://gnu.org/philosophy)

https://gnu.org/philosophy

-----

### License:

The book will be released under GNU Free Document License.
You can [read about the license here](https://gnu.org/licenses/fdl.html).

https://gnu.org/licenses/fdl.html

Commit message:

included call for contributions link

README.md, after:

# Computer Literacy through Free Software

This is an attempt to write a book targeted at school students from grade Six to Nine for learning computer through Free Software. This book will be written collaboratively by more than one author, similar to how a Free Software is developed.

When we looked at the status quo of computer education at schools in India, the introduction of computer science is taught to students using non-free (or) proprietary software like Microsoft Windows and the tools associated with it.

Since this is a book aimed at computer literacy, we will cover both Hardware and Software.

Why we shouldn't use non-free software or why we should use Free software is out of scope of this book. If you are still interested to know about Free Software and the principle behind it, you can [read here](https://gnu.org/philosophy)

https://gnu.org/philosophy

**Call for authors** for contribution to the book can be found [here](http://discuss.fsftn.org/t/call-for-contributors-ebook-on-computer-literacy-via-free-software/267). If you are intersted to collaborate, we encourage you to take a look at the above link.

-----

### License:

The book will be released under GNU Free Document License.
You can [read about the license here](https://gnu.org/licenses/fdl.html).

https://gnu.org/licenses/fdl.html
